docs- sql sidebar (#41442)
metabase/metabase: docs/questions/query-builder/introduction.md

## Viewing the SQL that powers your question

![View the SQL](../images/view-the-sql.png)

Under the hood, all Metabase questions are SQL (gasp!). To view the SQL that Metabase will run when you click **Visualize**, click the little **Console** icon in the top right of the query builder. Metabase will preview the SQL in a sidebar:

![SQL sidebar](../images/sql-sidebar.png)

> To view the SQL, you must have [SQL editor permissions](../../permissions/data.md).

Author: ```suggestion
To view the SQL, you must have [query builder and native permissions](../../permissions/data.md).
```
